# dOrg Services - Q1 2021

The following is an estimate based on the Deliverables and [roadmap](https://github.com/Web3-API/roadmap) as currently stated and can change if either are revised.

| Funds Requested | Time Period | Estimated Effort | Effective Rate |
|-|-|-|-|
| $55,000** + 346.5 `W3API` | Jan 1 - March 31 | 1,100 hrs (~2.12 FTE) | $50/hr + 0.315 `W3API`/hr |

**Includes 15% Project Coordination & Quality Control Fee
- Dedicate Project Coordinator
- Live Chat Support
- Weekly Check-in Calls
- Testing & Feedback

## Summary

dOrg will provide continuous operations and product development services to support Web3API's upcoming alpha release.

## Detailed Deliverables

- **Operations**
  - Forum Moderation: DAO chats and GitHub issues
  - Fundraising Efforts
  - Launch Partner Outreach
  - [Layer 1 Partnership](https://github.com/Web3-API/roadmap/issues/1)
  - Public Content: landing page, deck, demo, blog/newsletter
  - [Token Bookkeeping](../token-allocations/)
  - Token holder Onboarding
- **Product Development**
  - Core Tech Syncs (Weekly)
  - Developer Onboarding
  - Documentation
  - Partner Tech Syncs
  - [Web3API Alpha Release](https://github.com/Web3-API/roadmap/issues/11)
  - [Web3API IDE v0](https://github.com/Web3-API/roadmap/issues/2)
  - [Web3API Specification](https://github.com/Web3-API/roadmap/issues/10): for peer review

NOTE: A list of deliverables will be updated at the end of each month.
This proposal is based on our current understanding of project requirements and does not account for changes in scope, additional work, unexpected complexity, extensive revisions, or other delays outside of our control. dOrg and the Client may revise the proposal by mutual consent of each *Point of Contact* (see Revision Log below).

### Revision Log

Please track all revisions below.

|Date| Changes and Justification |
|-|-|
| 01-25-21 | Initial proposal |
| 01-25-21 | Revise funds requested to match guidelines |
| MM-DD-YY | ... |

## Fund Distribution

### USD

All stable coins will be sent to the dOrg DAO @ `dorg.eth` or 0x15344ecdc2c4edfcb092e284d93c20f0529fd8a6.

Record of Payments:
| Payment | Amount |
|-|-|
| 1 | $18,333 |
| 2 | $18,333 |
| 3 | $18,334 | 
| TOTAL | $56,554 |

### Web3API Tokens

All `W3API` will be sent to individual builders:

| Name | Address | Amount (`W3API`) |
|-|-|-|
| Alex | 0xa13Ee4362f171B5c62be230E5EB2fEe8C375b875 | TBD |
| Bernie | 0xF6BD8C23142533661D67dc2c724E12C6F43F5B1C | TBD |
| Ben | 0x03fAdCE719cA1cFE4F114E18c862Be25e40fbF3c | TBD |
| Cesar | 0x61ffe691821291d02e9ba5d33098adcee71a3a17 | TBD |
| Ingamar | 0x58b753f0c417494226af608b63e80028255cbc64 | TBD |
| Jesse | 0x76bc4C780Dd85558Bc4B24a4f262f4eB0bE78ca7 | TBD |
| Jordan | 0xB1B7586656116D546033e3bAFF69BFcD6592225E | TBD |
| Nestor | 0x2e7f4dd3acd226ddae10246a45337f815cf6b3ff | TBD |
| Ori | 0x639749b7b08aee65039c21d8a411103c6cebebf0 | TBD |
| Phil | 0xaa01dec5307cf17f20881a3286dcaa062578cea7 | TBD |
| Roberto | 0x37341cbb14c5f128a70b149726ad8b2ce6f4c793 | TBD |
| Ron | 0x355382c41debac9ff3161eaa37472e8efeb0db6a | TBD |
| Steff | 0x3a8af31d3cfe775172853528167bb2b5760bf7b9 | TBD |
| | TOTAL | 770 |

## About You
[dOrg](https://dorg.tech) is a full stack Web3 development collective. It's been building custom DApps, DAOs, DeFi products, and developer tools in the Web3 space for a couple years now, working with some of Web3's top protocols.

Ben Walker will be the point of contact for this roadmap:
- [Email](mailto:ben@dorg.tech)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/benefacto)
- [Keybase](https://keybase.io/benefacto)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/benefacto)
- [Telegram](https://t.me/benefacto19)

### Accountability

dOrg utilizes the following processes to keep all parties accountable in the course of execution.
- *Points of Contact* are responsible for keeping the project on track and should be interfaced through for any issues regarding scope, roadmap, quality, payments, etc.
- *Regular Syncs* to share updates, discuss blockers, and realign priorities.
- *Discord Chat* for ongoing updates and support
- *Github Project Board* for continuous deliverable tracking

### Code Quality

To ensure that we deliver quality code that satisfies project requirements without issue, dOrg:
- Carefully assigns proven builders with the relevant expertise
- Utilizes modern testing frameworks and testnet lifecycle simulation
- Performs internal code reviews before handoff and other key milestones

Despite these efforts, we are not able guarantee that all of our code will be perfect. Web3 is still an emerging field with a high level of risk and complexity. dOrg is not responsible for any bugs or technical failures that may result from our services. It is the Client's responsibility to consult with relevant security experts before taking high risk systems live.